DOC-12605 Update GSI Rebalance Settings (#3744)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/manage/pages/manage-settings/general-settings.adoc

You cannot enable file-based rebalance when you have enabled Memory Optimized Index Storage.  
When you select this option, Couchbase Server copies the index files from one Index Server node to another during a rebalance instead of rebuilding them. 
See xref:learn:clusters-and-availability/rebalance.adoc#index-rebalance-methods[Index Rebalance Methods].
+

> You can deactivate this feature from the UI or via REST API. To learn about deactivating this feature via REST API, see xref:rest-api:post-settings-indexes.adoc#deactivate-file-transfer-based-rebalance[Curl Command to Deactivate the File Transfer Based Rebalance Setting]. This feature is inactive by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable this feature from the UI or via REST API. To learn about disabling this feature via REST API, see xref:rest-api:post-settings-indexes.adoc#deactivate-file-transfer-based-rebalance[Curl Command to Deactivate the File Transfer Based Rebalance Setting]. This feature is disabled by default.
```

Reviewer: A tiny point, but I think we tend to use `disable` rather than `deactivate`.

Author: Yes, Sarah too asked to follow what's on the UI.

+

> WARNING: Deactivating this feature slows down the Rebalance operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: Disabling this feature slows down the Rebalance operation.
```
